[STUDENTS laughing]
[meows]
[NAGARA sighs]
This was on you. See?
[NAGARA]
Mm. Thank you.
So, like, is that
fun or something?
[NAGARA]
Huh?
You'll spend the entire day just
lying on the floor like that.
Is it fun?
Oh, uh... Well...
'Course it is.
Oh, yeah? You don't say.
[glass shattering]
[SHIIBA]
There went the last ball!
‐‐[STUDENT 01D] What?
‐‐[STUDENT 01C] Man...
[NOZOMI]
Ugh, they're at it again...
Playing super‐powers,
taking it too far.
Not surprising.
[NOZOMI]
You have one, Nagara?
What?
[NOZOMI]
Do you have a super‐power?
Wouldn't be on
the floor if I did.
[NOZOMI]
Fair point. Should've guessed.
‐‐[CAT 01A purring]
‐‐[NOZOMI] Anyway.
I wonder why all of this
craziness is happening.
Like, the rest of the world
vanished and the only thing left
is the school.
How are we gonna
fix this mess, huh?
Our summer vacation plans
are all screwed up.
‐‐[gasps]
‐‐[hissing]
[NOZOMI] Hey. So what
do you think this place is?
A utopia?
Or Hell?
I don't know.
Oh! Going somewhere?
To the bathroom.
Of course. Okay.
[CAP]
Man, my stomach's killing me!
‐‐[glass shattering]
‐‐[HOSHI] Huh?
Jeez, you guys!
Are you trying to break
all of the windows in here?
[HOSHI]
Well. What do you expect?
Ugh. No one's using their brain
and it's pissing me off!
I mean, I totally get it.
Yeah? You get what?
Most of those guys were just
regular losers yesterday,
and then‐‐boom‐‐they
get these crazy powers.
It seems only natural
that they'd wanna see
what they can do,
don't ya think?
[CAP] Well, sure, but when
things go back to normal,
all this crap is gonna be on us.
How so?
[CAP] The teacher's'll
say something like,
we neglected our duties
as the student council.
I don't want that on my
permanent record, do you?
[HOSHI] Relax, man.
I'll think of something.
They won't be
breaking anything else.
[CAP]
How're you gonna stop 'em?
Like, you've seen
their powers, right?
You're convincing, but...
[HOSHI] Have you ever known me
to say I'm gonna do something,
and then not deliver?
[CAP]
No, you're right.
But, we're part of
the group who didn't get
any cool powers, remember?
[HOSHI] It'll be fine.
I'll think of something.
Sheep aren't
that smart, after all.
I just have to
show them the way.
[CAP] Okay, but how
are you gonna do that?
It'll be easy. We just need
to make some new rules.
Ones specifically
for "This World."
[CAP] Rules, huh?
And nobody's gonna break 'em?
It's like soccer, ya know?
What happens when
somebody commits a foul?
They get a penalty.
Yup.
[sighs]
[NOZOMI]
Ugh. It's so boring here.
And you're the only person
I have to talk to.
Well, you could try
and make some new friends.
Ugh. Yeah, I guess.
I mean, maybe if I got some
kind of cool super‐power,
things'd be better.
You think so? Not sure I care.
Oh, yeah? That's big talk.
[NAGARA]
Not really my point.
[NOZOMI] Well. Here's my theory
on the whole thing.
Huh?
I'm thinking it wasn't
everything around us
that disappeared,
we were the ones who vanished.
And this all feels way too real
to be some weird dream.
[NAGARA] Still doesn't
really help us, though.
[NOZOMI]
Hmm?
Won't change what happened.
[NOZOMI grunts]
Hey, what do you think that is?
What is?
[NOZOMI] That thing.
Whatever's shining up there.
Okay?
I don't see anything.
[NOZOMI]
Huh? Are you serious?
Should I be seeing it?
No.
[phone notification chirps]
[NAGARA]
Hmm.
‐‐[thump]
‐‐[CAT 01B meows]
‐‐[MIZUHO] Hmm?
‐‐[meow]
[MIZUHO]
Good kitty, thank you.
[phone pings]
[ASAKAZE gasps]
[HOSHI] We're unable to
contact anyone on the outside.
I'm sure our parents
and teachers
must be extremely worried.
This is a major incident,
and it's very likely
the country's top news story.
"...a major incident, and
it's very likely the country's
top news story."
As far as we know,
the school is completely alone
in this mysterious darkness.
And, from what I can tell,
we are basically adrift.
There seem to be
strange forces at work.
Super powers and
other unnatural phenomena.
Now, we're seeing how these
powers are having an effect.
On the condition of
the building itself.
[ASAKAZE]
Hmph.
Because those who've
gained these abilities,
are frankly being very
reckless with their use.
[MIZUHO]
Ugh...
[HOSHI] At some point,
we anticipate that someone
will be coming to our rescue.
However, as students
of this school,
we can't forget we still
have responsibilities.
We cannot lose sight of
the fact that we are all
in our senior year.
So, with that said,
I have a proposal for you.
In order to fulfill
our obligations,
we'll each have
duties chosen for us.
And to make those decisions,
we'll need a leader.
We will choose one from
the 36 of us here.
And we will craft the rules
for this world together!
[HOSHI] Congrats, big guy!
Because you're our new leader!
Are you really sure
about all this?
It should be you, Machi.
I mean, you're the
Student Council Prez.
[HOSHI]
No.
The student body chose you, Cap.
Right!
[NOZOMI] Think back,
before the summer break,
do you remember anything
out of the ordinary
happening at school?
Oh. What?
[NOZOMI]
During the first term.
Weren't there some
auroras and skyfish
spotted in the schoolyard?
And also, like, three billion
yen was randomly found
in the lockers.
Um, that sounds kinda familiar.
Okay...
But if any of that
actually happened,
then wouldn't there be‐‐
[HAYATO]
Hey, Nagara, what are you doing?
I thought you were on
the cleaning crew today.
[NAGARA]
I'm on what?
Didn't you see
the Group Talk thing?
Cap sent you an invite, right?
Oh, yeah. I didn't think
it concerned me.
Whoa, are you kidding me?
You are in for it now.
[NAGARA]
What do you mean?
Oh, come on, man!
There's a bunch of new rules.
The big one is, no super‐powers
while you're inside the school.
And on top of that, everybody
here has a job to do now.
"New rules"?
We have a leader who's
in charge of everything, too!
"Leader"?
Yeah, dude, it's Cap!
So, what's a "Group Talk"?
Really?!
She doesn't have
her own smartphone.
[HAYATO groans]
You're killing me...
[DAIYA] Hayato!
You slacking off in there?
Ah, crap.
I gotta go, but you better start
reading those messages!
Yeah, okay, sure thing.
Bye.
[ASAKAZE] Why in the hell
can't we use our powers?!
[MACHI] Because it's something
we all decided.
Huh? You guys just pressured
everyone to go along.
Majority rules?
You're freakin' kidding!
Hey, try and cool it down.
[ASAKAZE]
It's obvious.
You're jealous, 'cuz you don't
have a cool power, right?
‐‐[MACHI laughs]
‐‐Huh?
What's so funny?
[MACHI]
You're being ridiculous.
Huh?
[MACHI]
I mean, of course you're happy.
You got this crazy new power
from out of nowhere,
and before,
you were just a clown.
What'd you say...?
[MACHI]
But listen.
This power doesn't work
out in the real world.
Plus, it has nothing to do
with you as a person‐‐
you didn't earn it.
It's just something you
happened to pick up, right?
So before you decide to use it,
you should think a little.
‐‐[shrill ringing]
‐‐[gasping]
‐‐Hey!
‐‐Huh?!
That was you!
You broke the glass!
[ASAKAZE]
And what if I did?!
‐‐[glass shatters]
‐‐[MACHI gasps]
Another one? Stop it!
[ASAKAZE]
Oh, yeah? Here's more!
[CAP]
Three! Four! Five!
Hey! Please stop!
‐‐[glass shattering]
‐‐[CAP] Six!
Yeah! I'll break
as many as I want to!
[HOSHI] "We must not
dirty or damage the school.
Let's keep it neat."
[CAP]
Mm‐hmm.
Penalty!
Trying to scare me?
[gasps]
I can't divide out
the remainder...
Why...? It's nuts!
[CAP]
Long division.
You broke the windows,
so break down the numbers!
‐‐You see.
‐‐[CAP] Hmm?
I knew you'd be a great leader‐‐
your word is absolute.
You're right.
Enough! I can't do this.
I can't take it anymore!
[ASAMA] Oh man,
did you hear about Asakaze?
[AYA]
Mm‐hmm! They're making him do
insane math problems all night.
Well, it sounds
like he's in Hell.
The rules are no joke. Wow!
So, um, I need enough
for two of us.
That should be more
than enough for two.
Okay, thanks.
[CAP]
I finally found you.
You're name's Nozomi, right?
She's not cooperating,
and she's doing this?
A troublemaker.
That's me!
[CAP]
Hm! You were just overseas?
That's so cool.
Yeah, it sure was!
[CAP chuckles]
Here. This is for you.
Hayato was telling us
you don't have a smartphone.
So we all thought that it'd
be best if we gave you one.
And the first thing I'm gonna
need you to do is join
‐‐the Group Talk, okay?
‐‐[NOZOMI] No, thank you.
Uh.
Oh, uh, what did you say?
I said, "No, thanks."
Okay, but is there a reason
you don't you want one?
Do you not like this particular
one because of how it looks,
or something?
If that's the case‐‐
I don't wanna do it. Okay?
What? So, uh... What...
[MACHI] Do you have some kind of
problem with what we're doing?
Right. Yep.
I don't like your inflexibility.
You should just
let everyone be free.
[HOSHI] That's not an option.
This is for the common good.
You're gonna be
thanking us before too long.
The world has to be
fair to everybody.
You understand?
We're all victims.
[NOZOMI] But it's not like
you're God or something.
You can't make the world fair‐‐
it never really has been anyway.
[HOSHI chuckles]
‐‐Phone, please.
‐‐[CAP] Uh.
[NOZOMI]
All right, then, See ya later.
What're you gonna do, Cap?!
[NARRATOR] "We must not
break school supplies."
[CAP]
Hmm. Hey! You!
Penalty!
[NOZOMI] Hmm. Oh, is that
supposed to be your super power?
[NOZOMI panting]
I still see it...
[NOZOMI groans]
[ASAKAZE]
She got penalized, too?
[NAGARA] Mm. Hundred laps
inside the building.
Damn, screw these rules, man.
There's gotta be some way
for us to get around
that big meathead's power.
[NAGARA]
No use worrying about it.
But why not?
Because that's just
the way things are.
[gasps]
Must be nice to think that way.
You got a super‐power?
Just take a wild guess.
[ASAKAZE]
Guess not.
So the first mystery
is the darkness.
We can't observe
whatever's outside.
It's pure nothingness.
Also, time seems
to still be moving forward
for us inside the building.
But even if time is flowing...
...are we all static, somehow?
If that were the case,
her arm would never heal,
and nobody here would
ever grow taller.
But I know that I do
get hungry every day
and I can't go without sleep.
I don't get it!
On top of everything,
there are these super‐powers.
It's so bizarre. I have
no explanation for any of it.
And are we just drifting?
It's almost impossible to tell.
He refers to it as "This World,"
and it seems to operate
differently than the one
we came from.
It has another set of rules that
govern the way things work.
But the big question is:
Why did this even
happen in the first place?
I remember I was going to
the library to check out a book,
and all of a sudden...
Oh, yeah!
There was that crazy storm!
Is this place sinking?
[cicadas crying]
[NAGARA]
Sorry 'bout that.
[You have nothing
to apologize for.
Yeah. But this is the third
time that it's happened.
[TEACHER 01A] I'm sure
your mother has her reasons.
It may not make much
sense to you right now,
but things are tough
for grown‐ups, lately.
‐‐[NAGARA] Right.
‐‐[TEACHER 01B] Hey, Miss Aki,
could you fax this
for me, please?
‐‐[MS. AKI] Okay.
‐‐[TEACHER 01A] Hmm?
[TEACHER 01A]
That being said,
while your path forward
is truly important,
what I'm actually most concerned
about is your mental state.
You know you're not alone.
I'm here for you.
You can always
come and talk to me
about whatever
you need to, okay?
[NAGARA]
I appreciate it.
I'm lucky I have you
as my homeroom teacher.
Third year, aren't you?
[NAGARA]
Yeah, that's right.
[NOZOMI]
Me, too. I'm Nozomi, by the way.
And your name's
Nagara, isn't it?
[NAGARA gasps]
You know my name?
[NOZOMI] That's cool.
You wanna join me for a bit?
[NAGARA]
Not really.
[NOZOMI]
Oh, yeah? It's pretty great.
So, uh...
Why are you doing that?
[NOZOMI]
Why? Because.
You should give a go, it's fun.
[NAGARA]
No, I'll pass.
[NOZOMI] Because you'll
get in trouble, or what?
[NAGARA]
I'm outta here.
Leaving?
Got somewhere to be.
I know a lotta people
just like you.
Always pretending
they're so busy.
Acting like they have so
many places they need to be.
In my experience, those folks
usually end up never having
much to do at all,
except pretend.
[NOZOMI]
So tell me, and be honest.
Do you really have somewhere
you absolutely have to be?
[NAGARA gasps]
Or do you just not wanna stick
around out here and talk to me.
‐‐[NAGARA grunting]
‐‐Huh?
Running away?
[thunder cracks]
[SHANGHAI grunts]
[HOSHI]
So what are you doing?
[MACHI]
Studying.
We still have exams
when we get back.
When we're back?
[MACHI grunts]
[static screeching]
[MACHI gasps]
What's happening now?!
We'll be taking over
the school from here on.
You're what?!
All this stupid acting out will
get you another penalty!
[ASAKAZE] We're done
listening to you guys.
[STUDENTS screaming]
[AYA gasps]
[HOSHI]
Ohh...
[ASAKAZE gasps]
Did you really think
you were the only ones
who got a super power?
[CAP grunts]
[ASAKAZE]
Hmph.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna get out of here.
[NAGARA gasps]
Hey!
Are you sure you wanna do this?
You know what happens.
‐‐[SHANGHAI grunts]
‐‐[SATA whimpers]
Penalty!
[SATA groans]
Hey! You said this would work
and they wouldn't be able
to give us any penalties!
‐‐[CAP] Penalty!
‐‐[SHANGHAI] Ah!
[CAP]
And I'm just getting' warmed up.
You've been like this
ever since grade school.
[CAP growls]
You've always been completely
lost unless you've got
some kind of clear position.
[CAP]
What did you say?
You know what I mean.
People like you just because
you can play some baseball.
The only reason you got
nominated was Hoshi.
Shut up! Penalty!
Heh...
Penalty!
Why won't it work?!
[ASAKAZE]
You wanna know why?!
Because I haven't broken
any of the rules this time.
It has nothing to do with
your so‐called "power."
It's just how it is.
It's the power of
"This World," right?
Rules are strongly enforced
in whatever this place is.
So if you understand
that's how it works,
it means you're just
a regular shmuck here.
[CAP] I won't accept that,
you hear me?!
Everybody has to do what I say!
Well, this is a mess.
[NAGARA]
How do we even get out of here?
[NOZOMI]
Might actually be easy.
But you never
know until you try.
[STUDENTS gasping, screaming]
[murmuring, gasping]
[MACHI]
Cap, you've gone too far!
Huh?!
Never mind! Everything's fine!
[ASAKAZE groans]
Let go of me! It's not
about the "rules," okay?
I've just got a job to do here!
You sure... you wanna do this?
Huh?
[ASAKAZE] You think it's okay
for you to break the rules?
Yeah, 'course it's okay.
I'm the captain, aren't I?
[HOSHI]
You're wrong.
[CAP]
Huh?
You can't.
[CAP grunts]
No exceptions.
[gasps]
Penalty!
Waugh...
[STUDENTS gasping, laughing]
[MACHI whimpers]
[HOSHI]
Poor fool.
He was really only trying to do
his job as he understood it.
So what's this mean?
Like, can anybody
give out penalties?
[HOSHI]
You didn't need to know that.
[ASAKAZE]
Huh...?
All of you just had
to keep your mouth shut
and do exactly as you're told.
[gasps]
Cocky little bastard!
[HOSHI]
Wow, you really are an idiot.
No imagination whatsoever.
You obviously
don't understand a thing,
unless somebody shows it to you.
[STUDENTS gasping]
[ASAKAZE]
Huh?
[NARRATOR]
None of you will ever go back
to the world you came from.
[gasps]
[STUDENTS screaming, yelling]
This has to be the place.
I see it so clearly.
[NOZOMI] There must've
been a bird right here.
But it seems to be
gone, somehow.
I bet it went back
to its own world.
[NAGARA]
Okay, so what are you...?
[NOZOMI] Hey. Would you say
that you're a sunflower,
or are you a dandelion?
[NAGARA]
Huh? What are you talking about?
If there were a place that
shone brighter than the place
you're at, would
you wanna go to it?
Or would you stay where you are
and just keep staring at it?
[NAGARA]
If I had to choose...
Yeah?
Dandelion.
I guess?
Then we're exactly the same!
[gasps]
Ah.
[ASAKAZE panting]
[MIZUHO]
What is that girl doing?
[NOZOMI gasps]
[NAGARA grunting]
‐‐[metal creaking]
‐‐[NAGARA grunting]
[STUDENTS gasping]
[NOZOMI gasps]
[NAGARA gasps]
Whoa!
[CAP grunting]
[NOZOMI giggles]